take place back in 2008 but first
prevented the trauma of Alexander Povetkin
then some boxers
years could not agree on where and on
what conditions will be spent from here and
rush of interest to the upcoming bout
in Moscow, Vladimir gendlin who will
comment this fight on our first
The channel claims that for
klitschko junior despite all his
advantages and in height and weight this fight with
it will not be easy
when they go out in the ring, everyone knows
that we will be a little boring
clearly
everything will be predetermined
today surely this will not happen
because I have to retreat now
nowhere
he will have to break the hegemony of the nickname
or roll back
I do not know in the second Shelon
professional boxing but came
for the first time in Moscow specifically for this fight
multiple world champion among
Lenox Lewis professionals once
victorious and famous Tayson jersey and
older brother of Wladimir Klitschko Vitali
believes that everything will depend on
how many rounds will the fight last
Grishin Vladimir Klitschko is very strong and
quickly he has long arms and he is very
big but it might turn out
disadvantage if the battle is short then
Povetkin can win if the fight
will last long vladimir will win
Povetkin professionals call
aggressive technical but rectilinear
boxer klitschko very calculating with
good jab that is short
oncoming straight
and even Vladimir Klitschko loves to box
at a distance the benefit of his hand
really longer than most
whether his rival will be able to overcome Sasha
Here are these 10 centimeters distance from
left fist
come closer here then he will
master position will not be able then
of course my turning sugar thick
it remains to add that it will be a battle not
only professional boxers but also
two Olympic champions Vladimir
Klitschko won
Olympiad back in ninety-six
year in atlanta
the day before the fight and his team in
headed with the older brother checked the ring in
Moscow on which today everything and
will take place alexander povetkin
he arrived Olympic sport complex already
I took the olympiad gold in the late evening
athens
eight years after Klitschko in 2000